Breath of the Wild and why it is a good game according to the quality factors we've learned of.

Reliability:

BOTW is exclusive to one console and because of this specificity of programming, the game is fairly reliable. Even so, the game still hitches and lags when too much is happening.

Efficiency:

BOTW is a humongous game, spanning an entire in game world. The entire world is also simulated at the same time so everything is moving even when you can’t see it. This means that the game is running many situations at the same time and can impact performance at times but typically never sees too much downtime because of it.

Integrity:

The games integrity is tied to your console so it is easy to maintain and keep without needing any extra effort to access and keep.

Reliability:

BOTW is run by a massive company that is almost always on top of what is happening within their community. This lends itself to quick and reliable fixing and setups for the games bugs or version switches.

Usability:

The game can be difficult to work with the controllers at your disposal especially since you’re unable to remap the controls, but once mastered, the mechanics don’t require much more learning to be understood.

Maintainability:

The company does maintain the game however it comes in larger batch fixes which means that it can take some time for the game to receive a specific fix.

Flexibility:

The game is very inflexible due to the consoles restrictions on modification.

Portability:

BOTW is available on one system technically and is only so because the game belongs to a very protective company which doesn’t like seeing it’s IPs anywhere they don’t control.


Interoperability:

The game is one hundred percent single player.

Conclusion:

In conclusion, Breath of the Wild is a great game that is reliable and plays extremely well. With a slight learning curve for even regular game players when it comes to the mechanics and controls, once learned the game rewards you with an immersive and breathtaking experience.



