Minecraft and why it is a good game according to the quality factors we've learned of.

Reliability:

Minecraft is a tried and true software with quite a few years of testing and support behind it to help make it a very reliable

Efficiency:

Because minecraft is a minimalistic game built by literal blocks with barebones detailing, the game runs at very good efficiency. The lesser detailed modes of the game
also allow for better running of the game overall.

Integrity:

The integrity of the game seems tied to the network that runs it, i.e Microsoft. Because of this you have to login in order to play now and should the system go down,
you're unable to play the game you bought.

Reliability:

Minecraft has multiple years of software testing and bug fixing behind it.  Which makes for it to be an incredibly reliable game.  

Usability:

The game is very accessible to new players as well as experienced ones.  The game begins simple and progresses to a moderate level of difficulty as play goes on.  

Maintainability:

Should the game crash  the program immediately sends up an error submission page with which you can send directly to microsoft.

Testability:

You are able to select future builds in order to test them prior to public release.  Allowing for easy community crowdsourcing of any errors that would arise from play.

Flexibility:

The game is highly moddable which enables much more replayability and new experiences that the main developer would usually have no part in.

Portability:

The game has already been ported to a number of systems and while save data is tied exclusively to the device you are using you are able to play with ease on any device.


Interoperability:

The game connects easily to other players' systems allowing for easy multiplayer capabilities.  Varying from local area network to online multiplayer across the world.  

Conclusion:

In summation, Minecraft has been around for quite a long time and because of this we know it is a tried and tested program which has been the recipient of many awards and
accolades.  Game developers should look to Minecraft as a great example of how casual gaming can be built and cultivated in order to produce a true classic and great game.


